README.md, before:

# dnb-hugo

David's Neighbour's repo of Hugo goodness

## Available modules and usage instruction

- [Netlification](/netlification): a collection of tools that optimize your site on Netlify
- [Render Hooks](/renderhooks): render hooks for Markdown markup
- [Robots](/robots): configure the content of your robots.txt with front matter
- [Shortcodes](/shortcodes): DNB's Hugo shortcodes

## Other elements in DNB Hugo

DNB Hugo are the elements that enhance and simplify your daily work with [Hugo, the world's fastest framework for building websites](https://gohugo.io/). Included are:

| Element | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| [blocks](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/blocks) | Blocks are reusable page elements like headers, footers, content display etc.|
| [components](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/components) | Components are preconfigured features like automatic search index creation, sitemap and robots.txt creation, etc. |
| [libraries](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/libraries) | Libraries are a collection of often used external packages, conveniently configured as modules for Hugo. |
| [shortcodes](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/shortcodes) | Shortcodes are content particles that helpfully solve repeated tasks, like presentation, galleries and so on. |
| [testcontent](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/testcontent) | Testcontent is a collection of testing content. Obviously. |

Commit message:

docs: update related components section between global and favicon

README.md, after:

## DNB Hugo Components

DNB Hugo's repo of Hugo components.

### Available modules and usage instruction

-   [favicon](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/components/tree/main/favicon)
-   [functions](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/components/tree/main/functions)
-   [netlification](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/components/tree/main/netlification): a collection of tools that optimize your site on Netlify
-   [renderhooks](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/components/tree/main/renderhooks): render hooks for Markdown markup
-   [robots](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/components/tree/main/robots): configure the content of your robots.txt with front matter
-   [search-algolia](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/components/tree/main/search-algolia)
-   [sitemap](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/components/tree/main/sitemap)

### Other elements in DNB Hugo

DNB Hugo are the elements that enhance and simplify your daily work with [Hugo, the world's fastest framework for building websites](https://gohugo.io/). Included are:

| Element | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| [blocks](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/blocks) | Blocks are reusable page elements like headers, footers, content display etc.|
| [components](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/components) | Components are preconfigured features like automatic search index creation, sitemap and robots.txt creation, etc. |
| [libraries](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/libraries) | Libraries are a collection of often used external packages, conveniently configured as modules for Hugo. |
| [shortcodes](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/shortcodes) | Shortcodes are content particles that helpfully solve repeated tasks, like presentation, galleries and so on. |
| [testcontent](https://github.com/dnb-hugo/testcontent) | Testcontent is a collection of testing content. Obviously. |
