security/README.md, before:

## DNB Hugo Components / Security

Security related features for Hugo.

### Installing

Enable modules in your own repository:

```bash
hugo mod init github.com/username/reponame
```

Then add this module to your required modules in config.toml.

```toml
[module]
[[module.imports]]
path = "github.com/dnb-org/components/security"
```

The next time you run `hugo` it will download the latest version of the module.

### Updating

```shell
hugo mod get -u github.com/dnb-org/components/security
hugo mod get -u # update all modules
```

### Usage

To be written...

### Example Implementations

A few real-world implementation examples of security.txt

- https://www.bbc.com/.well-known/security.txt
- https://www.theguardian.com/.well-known/security.txt
- https://www.google.com/.well-known/security.txt
- https://davids-neighbour.com/.well-known/security.txt

### Other components in DNB Hugo components

-   [favicon](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/favicon)
-   [functions](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/functions)
-   [netlification](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/netlification): a collection of tools that optimize your site on Netlify
-   [renderhooks](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/renderhooks): render hooks for Markdown markup
-   [robots](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/robots): configure the content of your robots.txt with front matter
-   [search-algolia](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/search-algolia)
-   [sitemap](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/sitemap)

### Other elements in DNB Hugo

[DNB Hugo](https://github.com/dnb-org) are the elements that enhance and simplify your daily work with [Hugo, the world's fastest framework for building websites](https://gohugo.io/). Included are:

| Element | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| [blocks](https://github.com/dnb-org/blocks) | Blocks are reusable page elements like headers, footers, content display etc.|
| [components](https://github.com/dnb-org/components) | Components are preconfigured features like automatic search index creation, sitemap and robots.txt creation, etc. |
| [libraries](https://github.com/dnb-org/libraries) | Libraries are a collection of often used external packages, conveniently configured as modules for Hugo. |
| [shortcodes](https://github.com/dnb-org/shortcodes) | Shortcodes are content particles that helpfully solve repeated tasks, like presentation, galleries and so on. |
| [testcontent](https://github.com/dnb-org/testcontent) | Testcontent is a collection of testing content. Obviously. |

Commit message:

chore: update security README.md

security/README.md, after:

## DNB Hugo Components / Security

Security related features for Hugo.

### Installing

Enable modules in your own repository:

```bash
hugo mod init github.com/username/reponame
```

Then add this module to your required modules in config.toml.

```toml
[module]
[[module.imports]]
path = "github.com/dnb-org/components/security"
```

The next time you run `hugo` it will download the latest version of the module.

### Updating

```shell
hugo mod get -u github.com/dnb-org/components/security
hugo mod get -u # update all modules
```

### Usage

To be written...

### Example Implementations

A few real-world implementation examples of security.txt

- https://www.bbc.com/.well-known/security.txt
- https://www.theguardian.com/.well-known/security.txt
- https://www.google.com/.well-known/security.txt
- https://davids-neighbour.com/.well-known/security.txt

### Other components in DNB Hugo components

| Component | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| [auditor](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/auditor) | |
| [favicon](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/favicon) | |
| [functions](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/functions) | |
| [netlification](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/netlification) | a collection of tools that optimize your site on Netlify |
| [opensearch](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/opensearch) | configuration for Open Search |
| [pwa](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/pwa) | Automatically turns your site into a PWA |
| [renderhooks](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/renderhooks) | render hooks for Markdown markup |
| [robots](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/robots) | configure the content of your robots.txt with front matter |
| [search-algolia](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/search-algolia) | |
| [search-lunrjs](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/search-lunrjs) | |
| [security](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/security) | Security related features for Hugo. |
| [sitemap](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/sitemap) | |
| [social](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/social) | |
| [welcomments](https://github.com/dnb-org/components/tree/main/welcomments) | |

### Other elements in DNB Hugo

[DNB Hugo](https://github.com/dnb-org) are the elements that enhance and simplify your daily work with [Hugo, the world's fastest framework for building websites](https://gohugo.io/). Included are:

| Element | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| [blocks](https://github.com/dnb-org/blocks) | Blocks are reusable page elements like headers, footers, content display etc.|
| [components](https://github.com/dnb-org/components) | Components are preconfigured features like automatic search index creation, sitemap and robots.txt creation, etc. |
| [configurations](https://github.com/dnb-org/configurations) | A collection of configuration packages used in dnb-org |
| [debugprint](https://github.com/dnb-org/debugprint) | Debugging for your Hugo layout files. |
| [hooks](https://github.com/dnb-org/hooks) | Template hooks for Hugo themes |
| [libraries](https://github.com/dnb-org/libraries) | Libraries are a collection of often used external packages, conveniently configured as modules for Hugo. |
| [shortcodes](https://github.com/dnb-org/shortcodes) | Shortcodes are content particles that helpfully solve repeated tasks, like presentation, galleries and so on. |
| [testcontent](https://github.com/dnb-org/testcontent) | Testcontent is a collection of testing content. Obviously. |
